feat: airdrop addresses and balances (#3)
ethersphere/rise-of-bee-airdrop: README.md

The result will be in `./generated_trusted_nodes.json` file.

If you hit the API limit, you can also add your infura api key to line 5 in the [src/index.ts].

## Airdrop balances

### Methodology

> The final airdrop reward has been calculated as follows: the awarded addresses are all beneficiaries who cashed out cheque from the trusted nodes between the blocks `4283397` and `5130433` including. The total gBZZ amount an address cashed from the trusted nodes has been summed and devided by the total gBZZ amount cashed from trusted nodes by all the addresses. This ratio then indicates how big portion of the 1 000 000 BZZ given awarded address will receive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The final airdrop reward has been calculated as follows: the awarded addresses are all beneficiaries who cashed out cheque from the trusted nodes between the blocks `4283397` and `5130433` inclusive. The total gBZZ amount an address cashed from the trusted nodes has been summed and divided by the total gBZZ amount cashed from trusted nodes by all the addresses. This ratio then indicates how big portion of the 1 000 000 BZZ given awarded address will receive.
```

> The final airdrop reward has been calculated as follows: the awarded addresses are all beneficiaries who cashed out cheque from the trusted nodes between the blocks `4283397` and `5130433` including. The total gBZZ amount an address cashed from the trusted nodes has been summed and devided by the total gBZZ amount cashed from trusted nodes by all the addresses. This ratio then indicates how big portion of the 1 000 000 BZZ given awarded address will receive.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The final airdrop reward has been calculated as follows: the awarded addresses are all beneficiaries who cashed out cheque from the trusted nodes between the blocks `4283397` and `5130433` included. The total gBZZ amount an address cashed out from the trusted nodes has been summed and divided by the total gBZZ amount cashed out from trusted nodes by all the nodes. This ratio then indicates the size of the portion of the 1 000 000 BZZ the given address will receive.
```
I think this sentence needs a big of rework, especially the `The total gBZZ amount an address cashed out from the trusted nodes has been summed and divided by the total gBZZ amount cashed out from trusted nodes by all the nodes.` part.

Reviewer: took a little to get it but i think it's ok

### Data sets
- Find the final set of addresses and the BZZ balances that they will be awarded [here](./airdrop_rewards.json).

## Extra airdrop

### Methodology

> Due to the amount of participants, the airdrop was extended with an extra amount of 0.1 BZZ to each address that deployed a chequebook through an official chequebook factory and cashed out from any other chequebook deployed through an official chequebook factory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to the amount of participants, the airdrop was extended with an extra amount of 0.1 BZZ to each address that deployed a chequebook through an official chequebook factory and cashed out from any chequebook deployed through an official chequebook factory.
```

Author: I'd prefer to keep it more specific here. Not sure you can technically cashout from your own chequebook, but IMHO we should keep this specific

Reviewer 2: I kind of like the `other` in this sentence, as now it may imply that you could cash out from yourself (which might not be possible, but at least it's clear, right?)

Reviewer: it wasn't clear to me what this was saying initially but i understand now, advise to leave it in

### Data sets

> - All the addresses that appear in the [airdrop rewards] list will receive extra 0.1 BZZ

Reviewer 2: Is there a missing link here?

Author: yes, thank you!
